A Plausible Reality (PREFACE):

21st January, 2016, Chennai. A solitary fishing boat anchored the whole night, going by a small island to the southeast coast of Chennai port. Blizzard, blustery, tempest were all the names of death that night, and could be heard and felt from sky to beneath. Around unusual silence of ocean, the weather was terrifying, the water was cold as Ice and the sound of waves were more dangerous than the howling wolf. A fishermen's family was fighting to death, with the undeterred waves during there return journey to Pacific. However they knew that they can't win over, neither can they survive. The next morning, a bunch of fishermen on a submarine found themselves in the middle of an empty sea, sailing with the uncontrolled tides. The submarine navigation unit depicted that they were 2000 miles away the coast they left from, even navigation unit was now out of range. In an overnight the island has vanished without a trace. Fishermen on that submarine were struggling with gaff and spar to give up there expectations of living. [Suddenly, there is some strain in the gaff] 

Men 1: Hey!! goddamn it, where the hell am i stuck. 

Men 2: [ looking at camouflage and radar deck] It seems there is a problem with Propeller. 

Men 1: What's there in propeller?? 

Men 2: [ watching down the submarine base glass] Woohh!!. It seems to be a Fishing Boat. 

Men 2: Then, what are you waiting for... [ reminding him of bad weather conditions ], figure out what can we do with spar movement. 


Men 1: Stupid.. i know my job, but, buuttt... there are 4 dead bodies on that boat, which are not even sinked properly.

Men 2: [Shocked] What!!... let me see.. [Murmuring] Fresh dead, hmm... However its common on coastline... 

Men 1: Just leave them, they're dead, and we are going to be. 

Men 2: But we're lost. 

Men 1: I could see a shore to the west. But have no idea where we'll land. 

[Approaching] [Somehow they indicated there presence to the west coast towards Maharashtra.] 

Soon, the news of human deaths and other damage near the coast was getting fire, and in few hours almost every part of nation knew about the disaster last night, over to coastal bay. The vessel service had been appointed to investigate. They found convincing evidence of the horrifying geological change in mid of the ocean. A day before, The Meteorology department of India, released a high alert in the west coast zone towards the southern and in the northern part of India. A Third eye prediction of a numerologist named "Archipelago" in Japan, was coming true. The earth was soon going to be divided in 2 half's, with no significance of livelihood on either side. There was a thrust driving the shift in the underlying plates, which was moving inexorably towards an unseen force and is set on a collision course that threatens to pull the man held superpower and an uprising country under threat - literally. The Question now is, do really every natural disasters are natural, or there is some human tragic falling behind it ? 

This story is a walk through the life of a 31 year old guy "Taher", who lost relations, and faced damage to property in these inexorable incidents. 
